Now I'm going to do a simple, just kind of high hat sweep, sound effect, so let's go ahead and drag
this in by the boom.
You can find these super easily online, there's tons of packs, you can buy them.
You can download it for free.
It's just any kind of soundtrack that you can find online is going to have hundreds and hundreds of
sounds.
So that's our sound.
It's just a simple drum sound of what's that called, a symbol, something like that.
But what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to expand our track and let's duplicate this
by holding alt and clicking.
And now I'm going to reverse my direction.
Like this of UPS.
Speed, direction, reverse, boom.
Wait.
Yeah, there we go.
And now let's put this at our transition right about there and let's solo it just to hear what it sounds
like.
Little bit of extra space here between where the sound is and isn't, so I'm just going to scoot over.
Boom, as you can see.
Now let's take another listen.
OK, still an extra space.
Boom.
Actually, you know, we can do to to make it really sound like it's different.
I'm going to just slightly slow down the second one, and that's going to drop the pitch down.
OK, maybe we can just do not so much do ninety five instead of 90.
Now, 90 actually sounded better.
And now I'm going to free compose or nest these together to treat him as one clip and we're going to
add a reverb filter to really just kind of customize this audio layer.
I'm going to add a studio reverb on here.
I'm going to go up to the effects controls for this clip.
I'm going to go to my favorite preset, which is Great Hall.
I always start with the Great Hall preset.
Turn up the room size, generally turn up the decay.
We talked a lot about this type of filter earlier in the course, turning down the dampening diffusion
so that the effect lasts for longer.
I'm not going to worry too much about turning the dry all the way up.
The dry is just the original sound itself.
The wet is the effect that is added to the sound.
So if I turn the dry all the way down and leave the wet up, you're just going to hear the reverb of
the sound.
OK, so the second piece of audio is too loud, so I'm going to drop that down.
OK, cool.
And I don't think we need that much reaver, we can kind of turn these down a little bit and let's unmuted
this and see how it's sounding.
OK, so that definitely helps.
Now you can see where redlining over here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to add a hard limit or I know we're getting into sound design.
All of a sudden I wasn't planning on this.
We're supposed to be doing video editing, not doing any audio, audio design yet, but here we are.
So I'm going to type in and put a hard limiter on.
You can use any kind of compressor.
You just want something to create a ceiling on top of your audio and bring down its maximum amp, maximum
amplitude.
So it's not going to hit zero and peak or distort.
So we're going to do negative two for this audio track, the sound design below it.
And for our first audio track as well.
So everything is cohesive.
OK.
Perfect.
Now, I'm just going to do an extra point, negative three.
And just bring down a little bit of the second part of this doesn't need to be quite as loud.
We really want the leading in part the beginning part so that we get that show.
We don't really need the rest of it to be as loud.
Perfect.
So if you listen to it without our sweep that we just added.
And with the sweep.
So that kind of swoosh helps to carry us between the transition between these two tracks.